I would like to know
what Media4Equity is.
Media4Equity, as its name implies,
basically consists of an
exchange between the media
that gives access to its inventory,
i.e. access to television,
press, radio or other media
in exchange for shares
of a startup.
Basically, it is a trade equation
where, in this world of venture
capital, the medium enters as
a more financial investor.
The value of the medium, basically,
there is a market value, which is
worth a advertising campaign, so
it is already a starting point,
and while on the other hand
you are entering a round
of co-investment with other venture
capital investors, so there
is also a fixed relationship,
so that if I give you a million
euros of advertising space and you
give me a million euros of stock
value, which, in some way,
helps the startup to rely on the
know-how that this medium
can have, involvement by
being the first person of the
middle, in many cases to a better
value than what would buy
it directly.
This is a discount on whether the
campaign has cost a million euros.
You usually go with me with better
prices than you would if you
went on your own.
This allows you to go further,
feel accompanied, because in the
end a startup is a big one,
the offline media world usually
gives them quite vertigo,
quite fear, then, feeling
accompanied by people who are
already living the other worlds
in a contrasting way, helps
the landing be much more solid.
That is, basically it is, as you have
said a word that is very representative,
it is a swap.
A startup comes at a time when it
wants to continue to fund its growth
and has the option to raise more
capital, and with that capital,
invest it in the means of
capture it wants, online,
offline, etc.
But when there's a mid for equity,
what you do is a part of that round,
you make an agreement with a
company like you, and what you
do is a swap.
That is.
Instead of having to hire cash
those campaigns in different media,
like radio, television, etc.,
what it does is hire.
And what are the advantages of
doing so in this way, of making a
mid for equity, compared to getting
the total funding in a round and
then hiring it directly
to the middle?
Basically, if you want to do
a mid for equity, whatever the
medium you want, we are more in
the world of television, so we
think more about whether you
really want to watch television,
but it can also be with radio
or any other medium, if you
are convinced you want to
do television and you
know you want to do it, you
will go...
It is the mid for equity.
Why is it?
Because you will have access
to better prices, you will have
first-hand access to a grid,
that is, it can allow you
to manage the grid better, seek
synergy with the medium in some
cases, and it will allow
you a know-how of someone specialized
that is an expertise
that there is not so
much in the sector.
That is, people who really from the
offline world have enough experience
in the online world to know
how to combine both.
So if I know or believe that the medium
you've told me, for example,
is television, the midia for
equity makes a lot of sense.
If, on the contrary, I have the option
to choose between a million euros
of cash and a million euros of
money, and I am not 100% convinced
or 90% convinced, it is better
to take the cash without any doubt
because it will give you that
flexibility to be able to react.
That is, a moment may be that
you may realize that what you
need is a smaller campaign
or go building in a different
way or go combining media
but not necessarily a million
television, so it will give
you quite more flexibility
to catch the cash, but
you have to be more
or less convinced.
You said three things that are very interesting.
First, you have to be very clear
that your channel is television
at that time.
If you are not sure, it is better not
to lose that flexibility.
Two, if you have it clear, it is pure
common sense, if you have it clear that
you want to invest a million euros in
television, have the cash and invest
it and that the television
is almost a supplier, an agreement,
etc., or that the television
or the medium that is in particular
is your partner.
Obviously when it is your partner it
will accompany you much more, much
better and you will be in a better
position to negotiate, etc.
Well, this is something that by pure
common sense, but everyone understands.
And then you said another and it is that
it allows you a greater reach.
In many cases, it is not one or the
other.
That is, I will have access to two
million euros of funding
because I have come to convince
that growth partner that there
is and also my old partners
are accompanied by something,
but I get to two million euros.
So what you can get from
the TV is I'm going to do a
three-million round.
In the case of the Spanish, it is not usually either
one or the other.
It is an additional.
It is usually an additional.
You may raise the rating
slightly, but allow a more
ambitious round.
In other international markets where
you get up easily or in a medium-
young round, you get up five
million, maybe television is
more complicated because
you have to choose either
television or any other medium
is more complicated.
In Spain, given the type of round
financing that is in Spain, how
the sector is, how it is structured,
it amplifies the round,
especially.
In fact, Spain has become, you
could say, probably the second
market in the world in freedom,
so you and after Germany,
because it has fit with the
type of round investment
and what you are looking
for, what you need.